capital = 1020
set_naval_oob = "MAL_1936_Naval"
set_air_oob = "MAL_1936_air_bba"
oob = "MAL_1936"
set_convoys = 300
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_research_slots = 2
recruit_character = MAL_LYS
recruit_character = MAL_wn
recruit_character = MAL_xizika
recruit_character = MAL_htxh
recruit_character = MAL_QSTN
recruit_character = MAL_hyl
recruit_character = MAL_by
recruit_character = MAL_xm
recruit_character = MAL_CHI
recruit_character = MAL_LZLT
recruit_character = MAL_juli
recruit_character = MAL_XZ
recruit_character = MAL_YOGA
recruit_character = MAL_ML
recruit_character = MAL_CBC
recruit_character = MAL_QU
recruit_character = MAL_xiomei
recruit_character = MAL_HUIMA
recruit_character = MAL_blstd
recruit_character = MAL_mklr
recruit_character = MAL_gys
recruit_character = MAL_KL
recruit_character = MAL_SLD
recruit_character = MAL_ra
recruit_character = MAL_atld
recruit_character = MAL_mlyt
recruit_character = MAL_guer
recruit_character = MAL_huililai
recruit_character = MAL_gx
recruit_character = MAL_guer
recruit_character = MAL_xld
recruit_character = MAL_ld
recruit_character = MAL_SF
recruit_character = MAL_QU
recruit_character = MAL_AILIN
recruit_character = MAL_yuehan
recruit_character = MAL_jyl
recruit_character = MAL_suofeili
recruit_character = MAL_xyl
recruit_character = MAL_waer
recruit_character = MAL_an
recruit_character = MAL_BB
recruit_character = MAL_maque
recruit_character = MAL_ssy
recruit_character = MAL_LILIS
recruit_character = MAL_Porno
recruit_character = MAL_KiraKira
recruit_character = MAL_ALyCE
recruit_character = MAL_MibuKikuchiyo
recruit_character = MAL_SHION
recruit_character = MAL_ANYING
recruit_character = MAL_Medico
recruit_character = MAL_Antena
recruit_character = MAL_Mistress
recruit_character = MAL_heroine
recruit_character = MAL_heroine13
recruit_character = MAL_heroine03
recruit_character = MAL_heroine02
recruit_character = MAL_heroine04
recruit_character = MAL_heroine07
recruit_character = MAL_suiji1
recruit_character = MAL_suiji2
recruit_character = MAL_suiji3
recruit_character = MAL_suiji4
recruit_character = MAL_suiji5
recruit_character = MAL_suiji6
recruit_character = MAL_suiji7
recruit_character = MAL_suiji8
recruit_character = MAL_suiji9
recruit_character = MAL_suiji10
recruit_character = MAL_heroine06
recruit_character = MAL_heroine05
recruit_character = MAL_heroine09
create_operative_leader = {
	name = "八坂醉巧"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/63.dds
	traits = {
		operative_infiltrator
		operative_natural_orator
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		PAN
		MAL
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "凤凰院涵韵"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/64.dds
	traits = {
		operative_seducer
		operative_infiltrator
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		USA
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "魂魄青枫"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/65.dds
	traits = {
		operative_linguist
		operative_double_agent
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		ENG
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "幽花诗文"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/66.dds
	traits = {
		operative_tough
		operative_safe_cracker
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		GER
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "八坂元斐"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/67.dds
	traits = {
		operative_well_groomed
		operative_natural_orator
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		SOV
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "小野寺馨翼"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/68.dds
	traits = {
		operative_infiltrator
		operative_demolition_expert
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		JAP
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "宫古含莲"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/72.dds
	traits = {
		operative_infiltrator
		operative_commando
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		FRA
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "辉夜幼南"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/73.dds
	traits = {
		operative_seducer
		operative_linguist
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		NFA
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "八坂灵槐"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/74.dds
	traits = {
		operative_tough
		operative_escape_artist
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		NPT
	}
}

create_operative_leader = {
	name = "香风寻文"
	GFX = GFX/leaders/MAL/75.dds
	traits = {
		operative_escape_artist
		operative_safe_cracker
	}
	bypass_recruitment = no
	available_to_spy_master = yes
	nationalities = {
		MAL
		DVL
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	MAL_jzz
	ENG_idea_jjbzk
	MAL_lese
	MAL_fld
	MAL_hp
	MAL_jd
	MAL_hj
	MAL_jihuang
	MAL_fxjg
	MAL_HTDY1
	mofa
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	baoshou_zhuyi
	limited_exports
	yingling_1
}

set_cosmetic_tag = MAL_UK
set_country_flag = cannot_call_ally
set_country_flag = need_sprcial_welcome_splash
set_country_flag = show_welcome_splash
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	communism = 10
	democratic = 60
	fascism = 30
}

set_technology = {
	magic_weapons1 = 1
	magic_weapons0 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	base_strike = 1
	basic_train = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_fighter = 1
			cv_CAS1 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	}
}

################################################################################
###海军###
#航母
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "光辉级"
	type = ship_hull_carrier_1
	name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#甲板空间
		fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
		fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
		#副炮
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		#舰首自选装备1
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
	}
}

#战列舰
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "阿尔托莉雅级"
	type = ship_hull_heavy_2
	name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#主炮
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#火控系统
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
		#副炮
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		#装甲
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
		#舰首自选装备
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		#中段自选装备
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
	}
}

#战列巡洋舰
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "海军上将级"
	type = ship_hull_heavy_2
	name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#主炮
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#火控系统
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
		#副炮
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		#装甲
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
		#舰首自选装备
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		#中段自选装备
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
	}
}

#重巡
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "伦敦级"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
	name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#主炮
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#火控系统
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
		#副炮
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		#装甲
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
		#舰首自选装备
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		#中段自选装备
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
	}
}

#轻巡
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "海王星级"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
	name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#主炮
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#火控系统
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
		#副炮
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		#装甲
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
		#舰首自选装备
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		#中段自选装备
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
	}
}

#驱逐
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "莎士比亚级"
	type = ship_hull_light_2
	name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#主炮
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		#防空炮
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		#火控系统
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
		#雷达/声呐
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
		#鱼雷
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
		#中段自选装备
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
	}
}

#潜艇
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "S级"
	type = ship_hull_submarine_2
	name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		#鱼雷
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		#引擎
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
		#舰尾自选装备
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
	}
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 2000
	producer = ROOT
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment_1
	amount = 200
	producer = ROOT
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 100
	producer = ROOT
}
