capital = 716
oob = "MAN_1936"
set_naval_oob = "MAN_1936_naval"
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.4
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	sniper_rifle = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		#basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = MAN_zhangzuolin
recruit_character = MAN_zhangxueliang
recruit_character = MAN_gaochanggong
recruit_character = MAN_xiao
recruit_character = MAN_dian
recruit_character = MAN_xiang
recruit_character = MAN_lei
recruit_character = MAN_hu_niu
recruit_character = MAN_dao_chan
recruit_character = MAN_sha_ma_te
recruit_character = MAN_bai_niu
recruit_character = MAN_hei_niu
recruit_character = MAN_xiao_liang
recruit_character = MAN_Fu_Xian_Sheng
recruit_character = MAN_Guang_Tou_Qiang
recruit_character = MAN_Yue_Zheng_Ling
recruit_character = MAN_Lin_Jing
recruit_character = MAN_Li_Shu_Wen
recruit_character = MAN_Li_Su_Shang
recruit_character = MAN_Luo_Xiao_Hei
recruit_character = MAN_Ma_Zhan_Shan
recruit_character = MAN_Shen_Cong
recruit_character = MAN_Wan_Fu_Lin
recruit_character = MAN_Zhang_Hai_Peng
recruit_character = MAN_Zhang_Jing_Hui
recruit_character = MAN_Zhang_Zuo_Xiang
recruit_character = MAN_A_Fu
recruit_character = MAN_Dong_Xue_Lian
recruit_character = MAN_Da_Li_Ge
recruit_character = MAN_Dong_Yong_Guai_Ge
recruit_character = MAN_Fu_La_Fu
recruit_character = MAN_Gu_Hui_Yang_Nuo_Fu
recruit_character = MAN_Dao_Shi_Lao_Ba
recruit_character = MAN_tanglaoya
recruit_character = MAN_ajiakesi
recruit_character = MAN_buding
recruit_character = MAN_ye
recruit_character = MAN_haerbin
recruit_character = MAN_batman
recruit_character = MAN_shege
recruit_character = MAN_xiaoyuehan
recruit_character = MAN_xuanfeng
recruit_character = MAN_zhaosanjin
recruit_character = MAN_lifuxi
recruit_character = MAN_luoji
recruit_character = MAN_dingyi
add_ideas = long
add_ideas = limited_conscription
add_ideas = partial_economic_mobilisation
add_ideas = CHI_Corrupt_and_incompetent_army_1
add_ideas = CHI_Deformed_industry_1
add_ideas = MAN_zhongdonglutielu_idea
set_convoys = 5
set_cosmetic_tag = MAN_CHI
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	neutrality = 85
	fascism = 15
	communism = 0
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "苍鸾级"
	name_group = CHI_CVL_HISTORICAL
	type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
		fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "龙级"
	type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
	name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "建威级"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = CHI_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "海荣级"	# Hairong protected cruisers and Zhaohe, Yingrui training cruisers
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
	name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "鸿威级"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = CHI_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
	}
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "宁海级"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "锦鲤级"
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	name_group = CHI_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "J-1"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-1"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "勇虎"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
