capital = 500
oob = MGU_1936
set_stability = 0.4
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	##步枪
	infantry_weapons = 1
	##火炮
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1 #反坦克
	##支援装备
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	##卡车与火车
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	basic_train = 1
	##特种
	paratroopers = 1 #伞兵
	##灵装
	magic_weapons0 = 1
	magic_weapons1 = 1
	##强袭魔女
	strike_unit1 = 1
}

if = {#运输机
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			bba_early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}

#理念
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	race_magic_girl
	mofa
	mahoushojo_tradition
	disordered_army_0
	witch_transform
	MGU_hidden_idea_007
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	#set_naval_oob = "MGU_1936_naval_legacy"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	#set_naval_oob = "MGU_1936_naval"
}
recruit_character = MGU_Akemi_Homura
recruit_character = MGU_Kaname_Madoka
recruit_character = MGU_Miki_Sayaka
set_country_flag = MST_SL_Kaname_Madoka

#set_country_flag = MGU_SL_Nanami_Yachiyo
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
recruit_character = MGU_Kureha_Yuna
recruit_character = MGU_Kirari_Hikaru
recruit_character = MGU_Nanami_Yachiyo
recruit_character = MGU_Yui_Tsuruno
recruit_character = MGU_Izumi_Kanagi
recruit_character = MGU_Yakumo_Mitama
recruit_character = MGU_Sakura_Kyouko
recruit_character = MGU_Aika_Himena
recruit_character = MGU_Togame_Momoko
recruit_character = MGU_Minami_Rena
recruit_character = MGU_Akino_Kaede


recruit_character = MGU_Council

recruit_character = MGU_SkyThunder_driver

recruit_character = MGU_Tlipoca
recruit_character = MGU_Norden
recruit_character = MGU_Ender_Lilies
recruit_character = MGU_Noelle_Cornell
recruit_character = MGU_Luna
recruit_character = MGU_Karryns_Prison
recruit_character = MGU_Sophie
recruit_character = MGU_Azure_Star
recruit_character = MGU_st_Mami
#recruit_character = MGU_Tomoe_Mami

	# Undiversified Economy Modifier
	set_variable = { MGU_economy_production_efficiency_gain_factor = -0.2 }
	set_variable = { MGU_economy_production_max_efficiency_factor = -0.2 }
	set_variable = { MGU_economy_industrial_capacity_factor = -0.2 }

	set_variable = { MGU_weak_government_stability_factor = -0.15 }
	set_variable = { MGU_weak_government_pp_factor = -0.2 }
	set_variable = { MGU_weak_government_neutrality_factor = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { MGU_weak_government_command_power_factor = -0.4}

	set_variable = { MGU_coup_stability_factor = -0.05 }
	set_variable = { MGU_coup_communism_factor = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { MGU_coup_democratic_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_coup_fascism_factor = 0.03 }
	set_variable = { MGU_coup_neutrality_factor = 0 }

	# Estado Novo Modifier
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_stability_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_fascism_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_communism_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_democratic_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_fascism_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_neutrality_factor = 0.2 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_production_speed_buildings_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_war_support_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_recruitable_population_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_consumer_goods_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_political_power_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_industrial_capacity_factory = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_industrial_capacity_dockyard = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_production_speed_arms_factory_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_production_speed_dockyard_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_novo_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor = 0 }

	# Estado Moderno Modifier
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_stability_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_neutrality_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_communism_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_democratic_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_fascism_factor = 0.2 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_production_speed_buildings_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_war_support_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_recruitable_population_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_consumer_goods_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_political_power_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_industrial_capacity_factory = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_industrial_capacity_dockyard = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_production_speed_arms_factory_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_production_speed_dockyard_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { MGU_estado_moderno_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor = 0 }

	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MGU_undiversified_economy_modifier }
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MGU_weak_government }
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MGU_aftermath_of_the_coup }


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.7.17"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	neutrality = 25
	fascism = 5
	communism = 30
}
set_convoys = 40
set_variable = {
	another_country_leader_group = 13
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minas Geras Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = MGU_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bahia Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = MGU_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Para Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = MGU_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Humaytá Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = MGU_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
}
#已完成国策
complete_national_focus = MGU_A001
complete_national_focus = MGU_A002
complete_national_focus = MGU_A003
complete_national_focus = MGU_A004
complete_national_focus = MGU_A005
complete_national_focus = MGU_A006
complete_national_focus = MGU_H_000
complete_national_focus = MGU_H_000b
complete_national_focus = MGU_H_001
