capital = 330
oob = "MON_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	sniper_rifle = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	multinational_country
	CHI_Deformed_industry_1
	MON_liuwangbaijun_idea
	MON_shiqurongyao_idea
	MON_renshoumaodun_idea
	MON_youmuchuantong_idea_0
}

recruit_character = MON_lindisi
recruit_character = MON_manyangyang
recruit_character = MON_baobaodaren
recruit_character = MON_tuzi
recruit_character = MON_heidashuai
recruit_character = MON_ai
recruit_character = MON_dimituoli
recruit_character = MON_beileisi
recruit_character = MON_fyy
recruit_character = MON_gez
recruit_character = MON_heimaojingzhang
recruit_character = MON_htl
recruit_character = MON_huitailang
recruit_character = MON_lyy
recruit_character = MON_myy
recruit_character = MON_nyy
recruit_character = MON_xsg
recruit_character = MON_xyy
recruit_character = MON_beileite
recruit_character = MON_kuluode
recruit_character = MON_lanmao
recruit_character = MON_zyy
recruit_character = MON_liyangyang
recruit_character = MON_hongmao
recruit_character = MON_lantu
recruit_character = MON_nailong
recruit_character = MON_xydy
recruit_character = MON_baimao
recruit_character = MON_baige
recruit_character = MON_jl
recruit_character = MON_tiger
recruit_character = MON_jtl
recruit_character = MON_shy
recruit_character = MON_yze
recruit_character = MON_dfyxx
recruit_character = MON_yonys
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

set_cosmetic_tag = MON_CHI

country_event = {
	id = mon_politics.3
	days = 90
}