capital = 49

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.2

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "OTT_1936_nsb"
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = OTT_Altair
recruit_character = OTT_Arethe_Siens
recruit_character = OTT_Cecilia_Alsace
recruit_character = OTT_Charlotte_Alsace
recruit_character = OTT_Chen_Ruofei
recruit_character = OTT_Chen_Yunfei
recruit_character = OTT_Fu_Bingyan
recruit_character = OTT_He_Yihan
recruit_character = OTT_Hu_Litong
recruit_character = OTT_Hua_Lanfeng
recruit_character = OTT_Huo_Yujie
recruit_character = OTT_Jeong_An_Hong
recruit_character = OTT_Jessica_Daimler
recruit_character = OTT_Ji_Lian
recruit_character = OTT_Jiang_Ziying
recruit_character = OTT_Jin_Jingyuan
recruit_character = OTT_Kawazaki_Kagami
recruit_character = OTT_Kawazaki_Sakura
recruit_character = OTT_Kim_Riveon
recruit_character = OTT_Li_Xuehan
recruit_character = OTT_Li_Xuezhen
recruit_character = OTT_Liang_Lingwei
recruit_character = OTT_Lin_Wenli
recruit_character = OTT_Lu_Lianyao
recruit_character = OTT_Maria_Bombadil
recruit_character = OTT_Melissa_Bombadil
recruit_character = OTT_Mikogami_Hideko
recruit_character = OTT_Nan_Feng
recruit_character = OTT_Qi_Yunxuan
recruit_character = OTT_Qin_Yingxin
recruit_character = OTT_Saionii_Rin
recruit_character = OTT_Shao_Ruoyan
recruit_character = OTT_Shao_Zhengya
recruit_character = OTT_Shen_Yalong
recruit_character = OTT_Su_Chenyue
recruit_character = OTT_Sun_Lili
recruit_character = OTT_Sun_Ruoxuan
recruit_character = OTT_Teng_Yumeng
recruit_character = OTT_Tian_Shihong
recruit_character = OTT_Veronika_Ivanova
recruit_character = OTT_Xu_Yan
recruit_character = OTT_Yin_Lianxue
recruit_character = OTT_Yusufi_Yevmeniva
recruit_character = OTT_Zhan_Yaqin
recruit_character = OTT_Zheng_Hongying


set_variable = { OTT_at_AAF_var = 0.10 }
set_variable = { OTT_at_ADF_var = 0.10 }
set_variable = { OTT_at_AOF_var = 0.10 }
set_variable = { OTT_at_AMF_var = 0.10 }

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = OTT_attack_turkey }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.2.8"
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 78
	communism = 0
	democratic = 2
	neutrality = 20
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "OE-1"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = smoke_launchers
			special_type_slot_2 = extra_ammo_storage
			special_type_slot_3 = additional_machine_guns
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
		}
		icon = "GFX_GER_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
}

