capital = 64

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	oil_processing = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}


set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.75

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 25
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 55
}

recruit_character = PRE_delgaru
recruit_character = PRE_yaad
recruit_character = PRE_thistle
recruit_character = PRE_brigham
recruit_character = PRE_dony
recruit_character = PRE_fionaru
recruit_character = PRE_killin
recruit_character = PRE_kaka
recruit_character = PRE_nuru
recruit_character = PRE_gigi
recruit_character = PRE_tutan
recruit_character = PRE_inba

recruit_character = PRE_misrun
recruit_character = PRE_patadelo
recruit_character = PRE_heathveiss
recruit_character = PRE_leesion
recruit_character = PRE_ferich
recruit_character = PRE_mircyril
recruit_character = PRE_alta

recruit_character = PRE_kikuchi
recruit_character = PRE_maizuru
recruit_character = PRE_nimble
recruit_character = PRE_redplover
recruit_character = PRE_knotweed

recruit_character = PRE_kabul
recruit_character = PRE_mikbel
recruit_character = PRE_sunspot
recruit_character = PRE_daiya
recruit_character = PRE_holme
recruit_character = PRE_linxia

recruit_character = PRE_sensi
recruit_character = PRE_zilchak
recruit_character = PRE_malucil
recruit_character = PRE_leos
recruit_character = PRE_kinmei
recruit_character = PRE_namiri
recruit_character = PRE_farlin


add_ideas = {
	PRE_famine
	PRE_restless_knight_order
	PRE_racial_segregation_special_zone
}


division_template = {
	name = "militia army"			

	regiments = {
		infantry = { x = 0 y = 0 }
		infantry = { x = 0 y = 1 }
		infantry = { x = 1 y = 0 }
		infantry = { x = 1 y = 1 }
	}

}

5 = {
	create_unit = {
		division = "name = \"militia army\" division_template = \"militia army\" start_experience_factor = 0.3"
		owner = ROOT
	}
	create_unit = {
		division = "name = \"militia army\" division_template = \"militia army\" start_experience_factor = 0.3"
		owner = ROOT
	}
}

188 = {
	create_unit = {
		division = "name = \"militia army\" division_template = \"militia army\" start_experience_factor = 0.3"
		owner = ROOT
	}
}


