capital = 592
oob = "ROC_1936"
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.35
set_research_slots = 3
set_country_flag = need_sprcial_welcome_splash
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	sniper_rifle = 1
}

############
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

############
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		##basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = ROC_Jinhsi
recruit_character = ROC_Changli
recruit_character = ROC_Chiang_Kaishek
recruit_character = ROC_Wang_Jingwei
recruit_character = ROC_huangxing
recruit_character = ROC_liyuanhong
recruit_character = ROC_lizongren
recruit_character = ROC_lurongting
recruit_character = ROC_63
recruit_character = ROC_64
recruit_character = ROC_79
recruit_character = ROC_80
recruit_character = ROC_81
recruit_character = ROC_92
recruit_character = ROC_a
recruit_character = ROC_axiao
recruit_character = ROC_baisong
recruit_character = ROC_Chen
recruit_character = ROC_luokelian
recruit_character = ROC_nz75
recruit_character = ROC_qingliu
recruit_character = ROC_Swire
recruit_character = ROC_shitieshou
recruit_character = ROC_Snowsant
recruit_character = ROC_zi
recruit_character = ROC_chuyunfei
recruit_character = ROC_chencheng
recruit_character = ROC_guzhutong
recruit_character = ROC_tangenbo
recruit_character = ROC_zhaogang
# recruit_character = ROC_Type95
recruit_character = ROC_daianlan
recruit_character = ROC_duyuming
recruit_character = ROC_huzongnan
recruit_character = ROC_sunliren
recruit_character = ROC_wangyaowu
recruit_character = ROC_xueyue
recruit_character = ROC_tangshengzhi
recruit_character = ROC_baichongxi
recruit_character = ROC_heyingqin
#recruit_character = ROC_Yat_Sen
recruit_character = ROC_fengqingxue
recruit_character = CHI_gao_zhihang
recruit_character = CHI_h_h_kung
recruit_character = ROC_changjingguo
recruit_character = CHI_chen_yi
recruit_character = ROC_linmingmei
recruit_character = ROC_anshan
recruit_character = ROC_changchun
recruit_character = ROC_fushun
recruit_character = ROC_taiyuan
recruit_character = ROC_Ning_Hai
recruit_character = ROC_Ping_Hai
recruit_character = ROC_daichunfeng
recruit_character = ROC_lilaiwei
recruit_character = ROC_Herrscher_of_Sentience
recruit_character = ROC_songqingling
recruit_character = ROC_Xinkeniang
recruit_character = ROC_linxianming
recruit_character = ROC_shaosiming
recruit_character = ROC_Honghong
recruit_character = ROC_weiyanwu
recruit_character = ROC_shenmeiling
#
set_variable = {
	another_country_leader_group = 1
}
set_cosmetic_tag = ROC_CHI
#
add_ideas = {
	CHI_Deformed_industry_3
	ROC_Covert_contact_with_KMT
	ROC_many_bandit
	ROC_famine
	ROC_Illiterate_population_1
}
add_ideas = ROC_Changli_idea

set_convoys = 20
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	neutrality = 50
	fascism = 12
	communism = 13
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "逸仙级"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "定海级"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = CHI_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "J-1"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-1"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "勇虎"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
