capital = 3
oob = "TRB_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

add_ideas = neutrality_idea
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

recruit_character = TRB_Baliu
recruit_character = TRB_Brood_Paulette
recruit_character = TRB_Xigua
recruit_character = TRB_Hosho_Shōsaki
recruit_character = TRB_Reina
recruit_character = TRB_Hayase_Fukami
recruit_character = TRB_Minokasa_Nagi
recruit_character = TRB_Migita_Hibiki
recruit_character = TRB_Migita_Makura
recruit_character = TRB_ying
recruit_character = TRB_Shuangtie
recruit_character = TRB_Olivier
recruit_character = TRB_meijiulu
recruit_character = TRB_Lan
recruit_character = TRB_Hong
recruit_character = TRB_liyizi
recruit_character = TRB_19hao
recruit_character = TRB_JiangYehuang
recruit_character = TRB_Iyo
recruit_character = TRB_LiuZhihuan
recruit_character = TRB_qizi
recruit_character = TRB_Hiyoko
recruit_character = TRB_Whoops
recruit_character = TRB_Baiying
recruit_character = TRB_Erliu
recruit_character = TRB_Bitcoin
recruit_character = TRB_Nerno_Sama
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 20
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 18
}

set_stability = 0.65