capital = 846
oob = "YUN_1936"
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = YUN_leader_zhongli
recruit_character = YUN_leader_baobao
recruit_character = YUN_leader_nian
recruit_character = YUN_army_qu
recruit_character = YUN_army_beidou
recruit_character = YUN_army_caie
recruit_character = YUN_army_chongyun
recruit_character = YUN_army_qiqi
recruit_character = YUN_army_xiangling
recruit_character = YUN_army_xiao
recruit_character = YUN_army_xingqiu
recruit_character = YUN_army_xinyan
recruit_character = YUN_army_yanfei
recruit_character = YUN_leader_ningguang
recruit_character = YUN_leader_wuyou
recruit_character = YUN_sunxiaochuan
add_ideas = CHI_Corrupt_and_incompetent_army_1
add_ideas = CHI_Deformed_industry_1
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 15
	neutrality = 60
	democratic = 10
	communism = 15
}

set_cosmetic_tag = YUN_CHI